<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BasicVideoSphereComponent][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [dispose][3]
    -   [addToScene][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
-   [VideoSphere][6]
    -   [dispose][7]
    -   [setVideoSrc][8]
        -   [Parameters][9]
    -   [addToScene][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [removeFromScene][12]
    -   [setTransform][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [play][15]
    -   [pause][16]
    -   [onVideoFinishPlaying][17]
    -   [isPlaying][18]
    -   [setVisibility][19]
        -   [Parameters][20]

## BasicVideoSphereComponent

**Extends InteractableObjectComponent**

BasicVideoSphereComponent

### Parameters

-   `videoSrc` **[string][21]** Video source

### dispose

Dispose the video sphere properly.

### addToScene

Add the video sphere to the scene.

#### Parameters

-   `scene` **THREE.Scene** Three.js scene

## VideoSphere

360 Video Sphere

### dispose

Pause the video, remove from scene, clean up the video dom element, clean up the sphere geometry and texture.

### setVideoSrc

Set the video source to the video dom element, and use the video dom element for the new THREE.VideoTexture.

#### Parameters

-   `src` **[string][21]** video source

### addToScene

Add this video sphere to the three.js scene.

#### Parameters

-   `scene` **THREE.Scene** Three.js scene

### removeFromScene

Remove this video sphere from it's three.js scene.

### setTransform

Set the 3D transform of this video sphere.

#### Parameters

-   `transform`  

### play

Play the video

### pause

Pause the video

### onVideoFinishPlaying

Event handler for when the video ends.

### isPlaying

Get is the video playing.

Returns **[Boolean][22]** Is the video playing

### setVisibility

Set this video sphere's visibility.

#### Parameters

-   `isVisible`  

[1]: #basicvideospherecomponent

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #dispose

[4]: #addtoscene

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #videosphere

[7]: #dispose-1

[8]: #setvideosrc

[9]: #parameters-2

[10]: #addtoscene-1

[11]: #parameters-3

[12]: #removefromscene

[13]: #settransform

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #play

[16]: #pause

[17]: #onvideofinishplaying

[18]: #isplaying

[19]: #setvisibility

[20]: #parameters-5

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
