<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BoxCollider][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [Collider][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [setTransform][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [setVisibility][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [dispose][9]
-   [ColliderManager][10]
    -   [addCollider][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [removeCollider][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [count][15]
    -   [getColliders][16]

## BoxCollider

**Extends Collider**

BoxCollider class.

### Parameters

-   `width` **[number][17]** collider width
-   `height` **[number][17]** collider height
-   `depth` **[number][17]** collider depth
-   `onHover` **[function][18]** callback for when the collider is hovered
-   `onUnhover` **[function][18]** callback for when the collider is unhovered
-   `onClick` **[function][18]** callback for when the collider is clicked

## Collider

**Extends THREE.Mesh**

Base Collider class.

### Parameters

-   `threeGeometry` **THREE.Geometry** the geometry of the collider
-   `threeMaterial` **THREE.Material** the material of the collider, usually THREE.MeshBasicMaterial
-   `onHover` **[function][18]** callback for when the collider is hovered
-   `onUnhover` **[function][18]** callback for when the collider is unhovered
-   `onClick` **[function][18]** callback for when the collider is clicked

### setTransform

Set the collider's transform.

#### Parameters

-   `matrix4x4` **THREE.Matrix4** a 4 by 4 transform matrix

### setVisibility

Set the visibility of the collider, mostly for debugging purposes.

#### Parameters

-   `isVisible`  

### dispose

Clean up the collider, call this before deleting the collider.

## ColliderManager

ColliderManager class.
Manages and organizes colliders in the three.js world.

### addCollider

Add this collider to this ColliderManager.

#### Parameters

-   `collider` **[Collider][19]** the collider to add to this ColliderManger

### removeCollider

Remove this collider from this ColliderManager.

#### Parameters

-   `collider` **[Collider][19]** the collider to remove from this ColliderManger

### count

Get the collider count that is managed by this ColliderManager.

Returns **[number][17]** the count of the colliders managed by this ColliderManager

### getColliders

Get all the colliders that is managed by this ColliderManager.

Returns **[Array][20]** an array of colliders managed by this ColliderManager.

[1]: #boxcollider

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #collider

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #settransform

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #setvisibility

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #dispose

[10]: #collidermanager

[11]: #addcollider

[12]: #parameters-4

[13]: #removecollider

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #count

[16]: #getcolliders

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[19]: #collider

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
