<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [InteractableObject][1]
    -   [onHover][2]
    -   [onUnhover][3]
    -   [onClick][4]
    -   [setVisualObject][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [setTransform][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [setColliderTransform][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [addToThreeJSWorldScene][11]
    -   [removeFromScene][12]
    -   [setThreeJSWorldContext][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [getThreeJSWorldContext][15]
    -   [setWebStoreUILayerContext][16]
        -   [Parameters][17]
    -   [getWebStoreUILayerContext][18]
    -   [attachComponent][19]
        -   [Parameters][20]
    -   [removeComponent][21]
        -   [Parameters][22]
    -   [getComponentsOfType][23]
        -   [Parameters][24]
    -   [dispose][25]
-   [InteractableObjectComponent][26]
    -   [onHover][27]
    -   [onUnhover][28]
    -   [onClick][29]
    -   [setOwner][30]
        -   [Parameters][31]
    -   [removeOwner][32]

## InteractableObject

Base InteractableObject class

### onHover

Call all the onHover function on the components attached to this InteractableObject.
Call when the collider attached to this InteractableObject is hovered.

### onUnhover

Call all the onUnhover function on the components attached to this InteractableObject.
Call when the collider attached to this InteractableObject is unhovered.

### onClick

Call all the onClick function on the components attached to this InteractableObject.
Call when the collider attached to this InteractableObject is clicked.

### setVisualObject

Set the visiualObject attached to this InteractableObject.

#### Parameters

-   `visualObject` **THREE.Object3D** the visual representation of this InteractableObject, usually a THREE.Sprite

### setTransform

Set the transform of the visualObject attached to this InteractableObject.

#### Parameters

-   `transformArray` **[Array][33]** a 16 cell array representing the 4x4 matrix transform of the visualObject attached to this InteractableObject.

### setColliderTransform

Set the transform of the collider attached to this InteractableObject.

#### Parameters

-   `colliderTransformArray`  
-   `transformArray` **[Array][33]** a 16 cell array representing the 4x4 matrix transform of the collider attached to this InteractableObject.

### addToThreeJSWorldScene

Add this InteractableObject to the scene specified in the threeJSWorldContext.

### removeFromScene

Remove this InteractableObject from the scene it's in.

### setThreeJSWorldContext

Set the threeJSWorldContext on this InteractableObject.

#### Parameters

-   `threeJSWorldContext` **[Object][34]** { react-router-history, THREE.Scene, ColliderManager, backgroundSphere }

### getThreeJSWorldContext

Get the threeJSWorldContext of this InteractableObject.

Returns **[Object][34]** threeJSWorldContext - { react-router-history, THREE.Scene, ColliderManager, backgroundSphere }

### setWebStoreUILayerContext

Set the webStoreUILayer on this InteractableObject.
Used for rendering react Dynamic UIs.

#### Parameters

-   `webStoreUILayer` **[Object][34]** { addDynamicUI, removeDynamicUI }

### getWebStoreUILayerContext

Get the webStoreUILayer of this InteractableObject.

Returns **[Object][34]** webStoreUILayer - { addDynamicUI, removeDynamicUI }

### attachComponent

Attach this InteractableObjectComponent to this InteractableObject

#### Parameters

-   `component` **[InteractableObjectComponent][35]** an InteractableObjectComponent

### removeComponent

Remove this InteractableObjectComponent from this InteractableObject

#### Parameters

-   `component` **[InteractableObjectComponent][35]** an InteractableObjectComponent

### getComponentsOfType

Get all the InteractableObjectComponent of type that is attached to this InteractableObject

#### Parameters

-   `type` **[InteractableObjectComponent][35]** the type of the component to search for

Returns **[Array][33]** an array of InteractableObjectComponent of type

### dispose

Clean up this InteractableObject, call before delete.

## InteractableObjectComponent

Base InteractableObjectComponent class

### onHover

Called when the owner InteractableObject is hovered

### onUnhover

Called when the owner InteractableObject is unhovered

### onClick

Called when the owner InteractableObject is clicked

### setOwner

Set the owner InteractableObject of this InteractableObjectComponent

#### Parameters

-   `owner` **[InteractableObject][36]** an InteractableObject

### removeOwner

Set this InteractableObjectComponent to have no owner

[1]: #interactableobject

[2]: #onhover

[3]: #onunhover

[4]: #onclick

[5]: #setvisualobject

[6]: #parameters

[7]: #settransform

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #setcollidertransform

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #addtothreejsworldscene

[12]: #removefromscene

[13]: #setthreejsworldcontext

[14]: #parameters-3

[15]: #getthreejsworldcontext

[16]: #setwebstoreuilayercontext

[17]: #parameters-4

[18]: #getwebstoreuilayercontext

[19]: #attachcomponent

[20]: #parameters-5

[21]: #removecomponent

[22]: #parameters-6

[23]: #getcomponentsoftype

[24]: #parameters-7

[25]: #dispose

[26]: #interactableobjectcomponent

[27]: #onhover-1

[28]: #onunhover-1

[29]: #onclick-1

[30]: #setowner

[31]: #parameters-8

[32]: #removeowner

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[34]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[35]: #interactableobjectcomponent

[36]: #interactableobject
